Azure security center bug (#12265)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSecurityCenter/ReleaseNotes/1_1_8.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Security Center v2

> - Added **subscription_id** as an argument for the **azure-sc-get-alerts** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **subscription_id** argument to the **azure-sc-get-alerts** command to get an alert that is associated with a subscription.
```
add the docker image update as well.

#### Integrations
##### Azure Security Center v2
- Added the **subscription_id** argument to the **azure-sc-get-alerts** command to get an alert that is associated with a given subscription.

> - Updated the docker image

Reviewer 2: follow the template of docker update notices
